Smokey the Bear, Smokey the Bear Hello there, folks.
This is Smokey, the forest fire-preventing bear.
Those singing friends of mine, the Sons of the Pioneers, have a song for you.
But first, how about joining us on a little visit to a big star?
Today, I am on my way to see Broderick Crawford.
The highway patrol dispatcher said I'd find you here in this forest road, Chief.
Uh-oh, there's been a fire here.
Smokey, there's no doubt about it.
The fire was set by a careless smoker.
I saw this little fire, stopped, and stamped it out.
It started from a match or a cigarette flipped from a car window.
Lots of trees get killed this way, birds and animals too.
Valuable watersheds are seriously damaged.
We can't afford this sort of carelessness, Smokey.
Seems to me we've got to put more emphasis on the importance of folks being careful with their matches and smokes.
You know, maybe between us we can convince them it's better to be safe than sorry.
Get more of them to use their heads when they're driving, their ashtrays when they're smoking.
You've taken the words right out of my mouth, Chief.
I mean, Mr. Crawford.
Now, suppose you relax a bit while the sons of the pioneers here take us on a trip along Silent Trails.
Silent Trails
Are you lonely where you are?
Do you ever get to yearning for the pioneers returning?
Are the campfires still a burning silent trail?
Silent trails Do the cowboys sing again Seems I hear the echoes ringing On the breezes softly wingin' Some far distant voices singin'
Silent rain Shadow sway and seem to say Never gone, we're here to stay
Silent trails.
Do the cowboys ride again?
Are the scouts ahead a-guiding?
Are the redskins somewhere hiding?
Are their spirits still?
Silent trail.
Ooh.
Well, that's it for now, folks.
Thanks a lot for spending this time with us.
You know, it's your own state forestry department, along with the Forest Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, and this station you're listening to that make these get-togethers possible.
Until we say hello there again and pay another little visit to another big star, this is Smokey and his pals, the Sons of the Pioneers, asking you to always remember, only you can prevent forest and woods fires.
Smokey the bear, Smokey the bear, growlin' and a-growlin' and a-sniffin' the air.
He can find the fire before it starts to flame.
That's why they call him Smokey, that was how he got his name.
.